General Settings:
General Option
1. Hide Admin Bar:
Switch ON 
Impact: Hide admin bar front side except selected roles 
Switch OFF
Impact: Not hide Admin bar for any user

2. Rename wp-admin
Switch ON
Impact: Worpdress all functionality, it change wp-admin to any custom so need to check every page, every AJAX,

3. Hide wp-login.php
Switch ON
Impact: Hide the wp-login.php, only allow to login with armember form 

4. Hide register link
Switch ON
Impact: Hide register link on wp-login.php

5. Disable ARMember styling on wp-login page	
Switch ON
Impact: It hide armember styling on wp-login.php page

6. Auto Lock Shared Account
Switch ON
impact: On front side not allow to login into multiple browser, on login other automatically logout in first,

7. Enable Gravatars?	

8. Allow image cropping	
Switch On
Impact: Allow to crop the image 
Switch OFF
Impact: add Image without cropping
where? : manage Member -> Add/Edit member -> Upload Avatar and profile, Profile & directories -> Add/Edit profile -> Default Cover image,
Front Side: Create/edit member, Member profile -> Avatart and Profile cover


9. Enable Spam Protection
Switch ON
Impact: Protect from spamming,
How it works ? : in form passing one parameter no value at bottom that checks the spam
Switch OFF
Impact: It won't check the parameter, allow spamming
Where ?: Front side: Register, Edit profile, Login, Forgot Password, change password, signup with plan purchase

10. New user approval	
Option: Automatic Approve 
Impact: it default created user status to active
Where ? : Register, Social Login (if not exist then register), signup with plan purchase 

Option: Email verified approve
Impact: It default mark created user status to pending, and sent email notification to user
Where ? : Admin side: Manage Member -> hover to member -> Display Email Notification icon, Email notification -> Added two email notifications like Email Verified and Email Verification, Multi-language addon -> Translate Email notifications
Front side: Register, Social Login (if not exist then register), signup with plan purchase 

Option: Admin Approval 
Impact: It default mark created user status to pending, and  it get active only when admin change the status from Manage Member page
Where? : Admin side: Manage Member -> hover to member -> Display Email Notification icon, Email Notification -> Manual User Activation, Multi-language Addon -> Translate Email notification

11. Default currency
Selected Currency
impact: Payment gateways: it remains enable payment gateways that supports the currency and rest payment gateways default disabled
Where? : Mainly General Settings > Payment gateways, Configure plan + sign page, signup with plan purchase, Throught all pages where display currency like manage member, manage plan, payment history, manage subscription, front side current membership, payment history,

12. Profile Permalink Base
Selection Username and userID 
Where ?: Front side when click on member from member directory, the create user profile link either contains the username or userid as per selection 

13. Load JS & CSS in all pages
Switch OFF 
Impact: ARMember Js and CSS won't load on every page, so it impact with other plugins and Theme 
Switch ON
Impact: ARMember JS and CSS will load on each page, so it impact with other plugins and Theme 

14. Help us improve ARMember by sending anonymous usage stats => Not impact any where, just enable the cron to sent the data to armember site

15. Badge icon size (Pro Functionality)

Section: Email Settings
16. From/Reply to name,	
Input: Allow to add the from/reply name on email 
impact where? : All email notification to member front side and received to admin, General Settings > Debug Log > Email logs

17. From/Reply to email	
Input: Allow to add the from/reply email
impact where? : All email notification to member front side and received to admin, General Settings > Debug Log > Email logs

18. Admin email	
Input: Default admin user email
Impact: it will receive all armember admin email notifications
How:  All email notifications are sending to Admin will sent on selected email address



